the last weekend of the São Sebastião festivities is
always the busiest in the square July 9 in the space of fury a little place
is disputed among people faces unknown
family and friends enjoy the musical attractions and I start to miss the
front
Dona Maria of her Parish people in the final 29 minutes
already starting to say goodbye in the afternoon
maybe not coming
the farm house began to plant
the half marathon and who is not but the night is not over yet
was just beginning
era would mark the return of the dog's longstanding antonio the romantic music
with the recording of the dvd and to board the scene lived up to the name a bar was
mounted on stage
security guards were invited to give even more truthful
this is the one that grows the most in the chamber of councilors
the fall of
the tail is very hot carpegiani on the disease I love them very much
Mourinho to the real since January provoking these illumination ready
takes to the stage with one dead and 14 wounded
inside
the space was defeated the public already sang the new songs
we interacted with the fans recorded unpublished songs that I already knew
who participated in the study he heard
is a tam person despite the entry of the supporter
if it depended on that public
on the other hand stressed is already a success